# MART 441 Homework 15 ReadME Respose to Node.js
 For this homework I had some issues getting the callback to work, I will upload a screenshot to my GitHub repository. I'm not sure if I was having this error because of the degradation of the JS files or what. I know you mentioned that this could be an issue but I couldn't find a straight forward answer on how to fix this. I also had a question of whether I needed a main JS file because I didn't see one in the example. Because I wasn't able to get this to function properly in my command prompt I'm not sure if I did it properly. I did get the web page to show up when I clicked on my local index file in my folder library. It was fun to work within nodes.js and see a lot of the class material working in real time.
  
I thought it was interesting to see the server and the client sides of the code working side by side and it explained a lot of abstract concepts that I used to have. Additionally, to see this working in response to the different commands I put into the command prompt was quite enlightening.The exchange of data was fast and I like that both the server and the client can communicate. I think this fits into the main idea of this whole semester because we end with a fuller knowledge of web technologies. This means that we understand the different aspects of web development that we can build on ourselves. There are different platforms that work for particular needs and with using these niches we can gain an advantage. Using nodes.js can help the user have a bunch of different connections at once.